I have attend this meeting in April 8th morning. This meeting is about the evoulution working group. In this meeting, most of it is about reviewing the pull requst. When the contributors meeting and check all the pull request form other contributors.
Also, in the middle of the meeting, people are talking about the format of the mertics, if each of the category need a double headers. Think is the open source project need to care about it. It need to have a parameter for all the contributors to know how to join and volunteer for this open source project. Also, during and after the meeting, need to show what this meeting is doing on the google docs of the evolution working group.
